Swift SDK migration (#597)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-ios-sdk/index.mdx

Check out the [**GitHub codebase**](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-sdk-ios) to get a more hands-on understanding of the SDK.

<div class="infoBlock">

> <strong>This documentation is written for the iOS SDK v1.6.0 and below</strong>. <br /><br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<strong>This document is written for the iOS SDK v1.6.0 and below</strong>. <br /> 
You can also integrate the iOS SDK with your tvOS and watchOS apps and seamlessly track user events without any additional configuration. 

The tvOS apps are supported in the SDK version <strong>1.1.0 and above</strong> whereas the watchOS apps are supported in the SDK version <strong>1.3.1 and above</strong>.

</div>
```

> <strong>This documentation is written for the iOS SDK v1.6.0 and below</strong>. <br /><br />

Author: ```suggestion
<strong>This documentation is written for the iOS SDK v1.x</strong>. <br /><br />
```

> 

Reviewer: <div class="infoBlock">

A new version of the iOS SDK (<strong>v2</strong>) is now available. Some key features of this release include:
<ul>
  <li>Support for tracking events from your macOS apps</li>
  <li>Support for tracking push notifications</li>
</ul>

For more information, refer to the <Link to="/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-ios-sdk/ios-v2">iOS SDK v2</Link> documentation.
</div>

> <div class="infoBlock">

Reviewer: This info block can be removed as content is merged above.

The idea is to keep the content for a specific iOS SDK version together.
